

![](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1_bH9Bbs46n3Fmd2FCdr9nGXooAHzoW-X)

### Predicting the reception of comments on the New York Times Articles 
Since only notebooks were to be submitted on Gradescope, we have made
this README file for the rest of the work. Gradescope submission
contains only the final notebook (final\_project\_520.ipynb) and other
supporting notebooks created during the intermediate stages, along with
this README file.

##### Final notebook: ‘final\_project\_520.ipynb’ 

* * * * *

#### Note: 
These notebooks cannot be run due to absence of other supporting files.
To get it working, you may have to download the submission folder from
the link below (Link to final submission) and follow the instructions
written below. The location in the Jupyter notebooks are set to follow
the above mentioned folder structure. Any change in above structure
should also be replicated in the notebooks. Please open the final
notebook locally from the same directory where it is present.

[Link to final submission] :
[https://drive.google.com/open?id=12T-xY2jzyT7gi8LKkise4lmm71K\_LWx9](https://drive.google.com/open?id=12T-xY2jzyT7gi8LKkise4lmm71K_LWx9)

* * * * *

The above link has all the files created and used during the project.\
 Below is the description of the file structure of the folder. It may be
downloaded and used as per the instructions in this file. This was made
since there was no other provision to upload all the work.

The submission folder contains following 4 sub folders and the
final\_project\_520.ipynb file:

-   final\_project\_520.ipynb
-   Final\_data
-   pickle\_file
-   Raw\_data\_sample
-   Other\_Notebooks

###### final\_project\_520.ipynb:
This is the final notebook, which demonstrates some of the important
results of our work.

###### Final\_data folder:

Data folder contains final train, test and validation datasets obtained
after all the data wrangling. These datasets are fed into the model. The
training set was not included because the

###### pickle\_file folder: 

pickle\_file folder has the final models saved as pickle files. The
models for LDA, LDA visualization, autosklearn model and the final
XGBoost model.

###### Raw\_data\_sample folder:

Raw\_data\_sample folder contains sample of the original raw data files
(Original raw files was too large. It is present in the google drive
link for data provided below.). Multiple preprocessing was performed on
this dataset to obtain the final dataset that was used for Modelling.

###### Other\_Notebooks folder: 

Other\_Notebooks folder contains the supporting notebooks . These
notebooks were used to do all preprocessing, EDA, Feature enginnering
and extraction.They contains 4 subfolders having codes for Feature
engineering, Creating data and Modelling, LDA and the pickle files
produced.\
 The notebooks in all these subfolders are runnable on google
collaboratory and location for reading the CSVs are set to the google
drive link provided below.

We have performed lots of Data Wrangling and have tried various models
to arrive at the final results. All the intermediate notebooks and data
files are present in the links given below:

Location to all the intermediate data files and codes:\
 [Link to data]:
[https://drive.google.com/open?id=1kUhl2dGvfM4eOV0wrx0pKopP9Rja07Cb](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1kUhl2dGvfM4eOV0wrx0pKopP9Rja07Cb)\
 [Link to codes]:
[https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ECYxKUHkDVgLWFBAawgwHdbdHqHICAyX](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ECYxKUHkDVgLWFBAawgwHdbdHqHICAyX)

The comments folder in “Link to data” contains the raw data of the
comments in new york times articles.The articles folder in “Link to
data” contains the raw data of the new york times articles. The total
size of the raw dataset is 1.4GB.

Codes folder in “link to codes” contains all the same notebooks that are
present in Other\_Notebooks folder mentioned above.

### Built With 

-   Python 3.6
-   Google Collaboratory

### Authors 

-   Megha Mishra
-   Saumya Shah
-   Sottihat Winyarat

